# Shipment

## Properties

Name | Type | Description | Notes
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
**vendor_shipment_identifier** | **String** | Unique Transportation ID created by Vendor (Should not be used over the last 365 days). | 
**transaction_type** | **String** | Indicates the type of transportation request (for example, `New` or `Cancel`). Each `transactionType` has a unique set of operations and there are corresponding details to be populated for each operation. | 
**buyer_reference_number** | Option<**String**> | The buyer Reference Number is a unique identifier generated by buyer for all Collect/WePay shipments when you submit a transportation request. This field is mandatory for Collect/WePay shipments. | [optional]
**transaction_date** | **String** | Date on which the transportation request was submitted. | 
**current_shipment_status** | Option<**String**> | Indicates the current shipment status. | [optional]
**currentshipment_status_date** | Option<**String**> | Date and time when the last status was updated. | [optional]
**shipment_status_details** | Option<[**Vec<models::ShipmentStatusDetails>**](ShipmentStatusDetails.md)> | Indicates the list of current shipment status details and when the last update was received from carrier this is available on shipment Details response. | [optional]
**shipment_create_date** | Option<**String**> | The date and time of the shipment request created by vendor. | [optional]
**shipment_confirm_date** | Option<**String**> | The date and time of the departure of the shipment from the vendor's location. Vendors are requested to send ASNs within 30 minutes of departure from their warehouse/distribution center or at least 6 hours prior to the appointment time at the Buyer destination warehouse, whichever is sooner. Shipped date mentioned in the shipment confirmation should not be in the future. | [optional]
**package_label_create_date** | Option<**String**> | The date and time of the package label created for the shipment by buyer. | [optional]
**shipment_freight_term** | Option<**String**> | Specifies if payment is Collect (WePay) or Prepaid (TheyPay). Required. | [optional]
**selling_party** | [**models::PartyIdentification**](PartyIdentification.md) |  | 
**ship_from_party** | [**models::PartyIdentification**](PartyIdentification.md) |  | 
**ship_to_party** | [**models::PartyIdentification**](PartyIdentification.md) |  | 
**shipment_measurements** | Option<[**models::TransportShipmentMeasurements**](TransportShipmentMeasurements.md)> |  | [optional]
**collect_freight_pickup_details** | Option<[**models::CollectFreightPickupDetails**](CollectFreightPickupDetails.md)> |  | [optional]
**purchase_orders** | Option<[**Vec<models::PurchaseOrders>**](PurchaseOrders.md)> | Indicates the purchase orders involved for the transportation request. This group is an array create 1 for each PO and list their corresponding items. This information is used for deciding the route,truck allocation and storage efficiently. This is a mandatory information for Buyer performing transportation from vendor warehouse (WePay/Collect) | [optional]
**import_details** | Option<[**models::ImportDetails**](ImportDetails.md)> |  | [optional]
**containers** | Option<[**Vec<models::Containers>**](Containers.md)> | A list of the items in this transportation and their associated inner container details. If any of the item detail fields are common at a carton or a pallet level, provide them at the corresponding carton or pallet level. | [optional]
**transportation_details** | Option<[**models::TransportationDetails**](TransportationDetails.md)> |  | [optional]

[[Back to Model list]](../README.md#documentation-for-models) [[Back to API list]](../README.md#documentation-for-api-endpoints) [[Back to README]](../README.md)


